All right, how are you?
Nick Bazman, Michael.
How are you?
It's good to see you.
You're a long way from home, aren't you?
What students did you introduce themselves and tell them what was in the school newspaper?
Amy, what did you tell me?
I'm Amy Cairo, and I'm the executive editor.
Great.
I'm Eric Arnold.
I'm the editor.
I'm not a student.
I'm Tom Wernstein.
Kevin Schwartz, I'm the editor of the magazine.
Scott Lepstein, I'm also the executive editor.
I'm Kevin Chester.
I'm a new designer.
Great.
Okay.
Well, I'd like to welcome you here at Rosman High School on behalf of the students and on behalf of the vegans.
How does it feel to be back?
Great.
It's great.
Terrific.
It's really nice, you know.
I mean, sometimes you go back to places and you wish you didn't, but this seems really nice.
Of course, I'm not a student here anymore.
Do you have any special memories of your days as a student in Part HF?
You know, my recollection is that this was really a terrific place.
It was a really, really good school.
It was a time when students were really serious and the parents were really serious about doing well in school and going on to college.
So it was
It was a place where there wasn't a lot of fooling around, and we all got really good educations and had a great time.
On the basketball team, we had a new coach.
His name was Joe Letera.
I think he was the head of athletics here for a long time, but he's retired now.
But he came out of the inner city someplace and did JV, and we were on the JV.
And I remember at one point,
He didn't think we were doing so well, and he said to us, boys, we're going to build character by winning.
You know, it was like... Well, you've got to wait in 1960 and 1995 now.
What does that mean for something that you've visited?
Well, I thought it would be really nice to see, you know, for me to go back.
I mean, this is very selfish in terms of my wanting to go back and see
my old school and sort of where I came from.
I mean, this may happen a lot.
You may have sort of strange-looking older people stumbling around trying to find their way and, yeah.
The speech you gave to the U.S.
National Press Club discussed what you felt was the near extinction of the American media.
What do you feel that a paper like The Beacon, our own paper, can do to combat this problem?
Well, I remember... My recollection to The Beacon was it was just really hard just to get it out at all, you know.
But, you know, the more... It seems to me the more you're dealing in local news, I mean, the more sort of direct your contact is with your audience.
And I think the experience of...
school newspapers or town newspapers is really different from the experience of national media, which, in my sense, is they're more and more lost.
They don't know what they're doing.
I mean, they're here, photographing us.
It's just that was important.
Just starting medicine at Harvard for eight years, what made you decide to become an author instead of a doctor?
You know, it was really just an accident.
I was paying my way through medical school writing books because I had written for the Beacon and I wrote for the Roslin News.
Is the Roslin News still here?
It used to be right down the hill.
So I wrote sports for the Roslin News and also photographed the games.
And I had this experience of
sort of working journalism.
My dad was a journalist, and my idea of the way to earn a living was writing.
So when I was in medical school, I only had vacations and things like that to work, so I would write paperback spy stories to pay for medical school during the vacations.
It was a big secret, because I didn't want anybody to know
But at a certain point, I realized that I was more interested in... I had begun by writing these books in order to pay for the education to become a doctor.
And at some point in the four years, I realized that I didn't really care about being a doctor anymore.
I cared more about the writing.
And instead of making notes on the patients, I was making notes on how the doctors were behaving.
I was going to put it in a book.
Lots of people talk about which of your books they like best.
Do you have a favorite?
I like Travels.
Yeah.
But I think it's because... Because I got to do that sort of, you know, completely egotistical focus on yourself.
Which of your books do you like?
Which I like least?
Hmm.
You know, um...
The Terminal Man, I think.
It's funny about the books that don't work out.
I did nine drafts of The Terminal Man.
I could never get it straight.
It just kept slipping away from me.
I would send it to people and give it to people and ask my friends to read it.
No one could figure out what was wrong with it.
I looked at it not too long ago because I was sort of going through making corrections and all of them.
I had the same reaction.
I thought, there's something wrong with this, and I don't have any idea of what.
Do you wish you could go back and revise it?
I don't know how.
I don't know what I would resist it.
My feeling is a little bit like the affection that you have as a parent for your kids that don't turn out quite right.
In a way, you like them best, because they're such screw-ups.
You mentioned your favorite book was Travels.
In the end of Travels, you describe a period in your life where you're going through supernatural experiences, like auras and spoon bending and things of the like.
Could you explain what was going on during that period of your life, really?
You mean, instead of what I said?
Well, what exactly was going on then?
It was true.
I mean, that was just what was happening.
And I wrote the book, I think, in 86.
And when it was published, I was teaching at MIT.
So the thing about psychics and parapsychology was published, and I was at MIT, the bastion of not that kind of thinking.
And what was really interesting is that I was teaching a writing class, and all the students thought, yeah, fine, OK, sure.
And there was almost no interest in it.
But the faculty was really angry.
And I thought for a while I was going to lose some friends.
What can I tell you?
I went into this whole area with complete skepticism and emerged with a lot of surprising sense that there was more to it than I thought.
I thought there was nothing to it.
Have you modeled any of your characters on yourself or people that you know aside from your non-fiction?
Well, John Carter in ER is certainly me at one time and Dr. Green is me if I were a doctor, I guess.
Although in the new season he's not doing as well as I'm.
I don't want him to.
In the new season he's having some problems and I'm trying to... It's interesting how I...
I want to improve him because I have this feeling about him.
It's some identification.
Do you do a lot of writing for me, Arthur?
No.
I don't.
I try not to do anything, actually.
Do you plan on writing again as the first episode?
You know, I wanted to write another episode this year, and I may still do it, but it's really... It's very hard in terms of scheduling.
Who have been your literary influences?
The biggest ones for me were Edgar Allan Poe, Arthur Conan Doyle, and Robert Louis Stevenson.
I was really always very attracted to people who told stories, you know,
I don't mean it in the sense of pulp, but I mean a kind of people whose primary focus was storytelling and psychology or something.
I mean, those are people who are not brought to be very literary, except Poe is in France, but that's because he's in translation.
What modern authors do you read now?
I read a lot of them.
I'm trying to think of who... You know, it's the kind of question, as soon as you ask, I can't think of, you know, it's like, what movies have you seen lately?
I can't, my brain, I must have seen some, you know.
I can't think.
You know, but I think one answer to your question is, because I do this as work,
The writers that I read, I tend to read in a certain kind of neutral way.
It's the same way as in movies.
You know, people always say, well, what did you think of this movie or that movie?
Wasn't this movie bad or good or something?
I'm kind of interested in all of it.
And kind of not interested in all of it.
But I'm interested in how other people make work decisions.
Well, you're obviously a very popular author.
When you sit down to write a book, are you trying to write, like, the great novel or the popular novel?
Neither one, really.
I don't know how to say it.
I'm always surprised that people are interested in what I do.
Because usually, when I'm working, I mean, it's not true anymore now.
It's sort of like people are paying attention to me.
But even a few years ago, people were not.
And
You know, when I was writing Jurassic Park, a lot of people were very free to say to me, why are you doing that?
No one can make the movie.
You know, it's hopelessly expensive.
It's got to be more than $100 million, and who's going to do it?
And anyway, there's no way to make those dinosaurs.
You know, they're never going to be any better than one million years B.C., and it's a piece of junk.
So forget it.
Why are you doing this book?
And when I did Rising Sun, it was at the time of...
you know, the fall of the Berlin Wall and all the interesting changes in Europe and the collapse of the former Soviet Union.
I would be at these places and there would be this discussion.
People would say, what are you working on?
I'd say, Japan.
Japan.
As if I had said, you know, 10th century Sanskrit manuscripts.
So, this stuff all fills me with anxiety when I'm working.
I just think,
I'm doing this, and who will care?
Because I just come from dinner, and they all go, Japan!
And I think it's interesting.
So it's always a pleasant surprise.
On your interview with The Morning America, I guess it was on this morning, you had mentioned that one of the primary reasons you wrote People to Jurassic Park was that kids wanted it, and you got letters from kids.
Was the presence of R.B.
and Kelly in The Lost World an attempt to have characters that kids could identify with, like, you had two children characters in Jurassic Park?
No, I think it was... My feeling was that if you're doing a sequel, you have to kind of pick those things which...
those elements in the original story which need to be reproduced, repeated, reiterated, referred to.
You have to do something.
And because there were these kids in the first one, I thought there had to be some way of addressing the idea that there would be kids in the second one.
I just thought it was an element that had to be repeated.
It was a necessity.
I didn't particularly want them.
Considering that Jurassic Park was your most successful book and the highest grossing film of all time, how did public pressure affect your decision to write a sequel?
It really didn't.
But, you know, here's the thing.
You get all these letters from kids and they say, now, what about the sequel?
And I get ideas.
I think the sequel should be this.
How about this as a sequel?
And this goes on for about five years.
And you're always writing back saying, no, we're not doing a sequel.
No, there isn't going to be a sequel.
No, I talked to Stephen.
I'm sorry, there won't be a sequel.
But each letter that comes in kind of brings the subject up again.
And sometimes you'll read an idea and you think, no, that's not a good idea.
And then you think, well, why not?
If that's not the way the sequel should be, how should it be?
So you have five years of thinking how the sequel should be.
Pretty soon you almost have to do it.
You've been thinking about it so long.
Well, in Jurassic Park, at the end of the book, you had, you kind of left it open for a sequel.
You had, like, the raptors come off the island.
Did you have any, you had no intentions of writing a sequel?
No, not.
It's like, you know, in the film, for example, there's a shot when the spitter gets Nedry, and there's a shot of the can going into the mud.
Now, everybody I know...
has looked at that and said, that's setting up the sequel.
But I know, I've actually never talked to Stephen about it, but I know perfectly well it's not.
It's a cutaway.
It's an essential shot.
You've got Nedry in the spitter and the spitter's outside the car.
The next time Nedry's going to get in the car and the spitter's inside.
So you need to go to something in order to allow this change of geography to occur.
And it has to be sort of interesting enough that you don't really pay attention to how much time has passed
And that's all Stephen had to cut to, was the can rolling down the hill.
That's all there was in the scene.
So other than that, he would have to break the scene to go back to the control room, so he didn't want to do that.
I think that's the correct decision.
But that means he has to emphasize this can.
So it's all about getting the spitter into the car.
It's not about the sequel.
Were you concerned that writing the sequel would diminish the originality of Jurassic Park?
No, it never crossed my mind.
What do you think?
Is that a problem?
No, but there's a certain stigma attached around the sequel that most authors have to do with.
You know, because I live in this town where everyone does sequels all the time, and I never had, at a certain point I got kind of interested in it.
I mean, I was interested to do it.
Is it a hard decision to make a sequel?
Well, it was hard to do.
I don't know if the decision was hard.
I mean, the book was harder than the decision.
As a writer, you're subject to media criticism, which can both complement your work and also tear it apart.
What's your response to Newsweek's description of The Lost World as an unfortunate rehash of its predecessor?
If the cameras weren't on, I would tell you... Well, I guess I can tell you because they can never use this, but Tommy Lasorda is famous for saying that opinions are like assholes.
Everybody has one.
The better answer is, you know, I would expect a lot of...
It seems to me that in recent years I've had a tremendous amount of criticism, and there was a tremendous amount of criticism for Jurassic Park.
So why should this be any different?
There's a lot of criticism for disclosure, and I'm accustomed to it.
Do these kind of reviews impact what you're going to do in the future?
No.
Well, not quite.
When I did Rising Sun, there was so much
antagonism that was bordering on suggesting that I was racist you know which is a very unpleasant kind of criticism and from my point of view very unexpected that when I then thought of doing Disclosure which would be I knew perceived as critical of certain feminist ideas and
To even enter that arena, I think, is to just be asking for trouble.
I hesitated to do the book, because I thought there would be so much flack.
I just thought, I don't know if I can stand it.
But I did.
You've discussed the success of Jurassic Park as a movie.
Has a movie deal yet been made for The Lost Worlds?
Yes.
Can you give us the specifics?
Is Steven Spielberg a bit better?
Well, he's preparing the film now.
You never know with Stephen what will happen.
But there are very large forces at work to have a sequel.
I mean, Universal really insists on it.
Universal's position is there will be a sequel.
So I would
my expectation is Stephen will direct it.
He's announced it for the summer of 97, which means he'll start shooting next summer.
Every time you write a new piece, do you feel like you're under a microscope due to your past successes that this new piece should be successful?
There was a famous Japanese potter who
was asked how he worked.
He was very revered in Japan and was a living treasure and so on.
And he said, before I throw a pot, he said, I first have to put aside all my concerns about the clay and whether the clay is satisfactory.
And then I have to put aside all my concerns about myself, whether my health or how I'm feeling today.
And then I have to put aside all my concerns about
how I will actually throw the clay and whether I'll do it well.
And then I have to put aside all my concerns about when I finish the pot whether it will survive in the kiln or whether it will crack.
And then I have to put aside all my concerns about after the pot is completed whether people will like it.
And he had about eight of those things.
He said, I have to put aside all those concerns and then I go and throw the pot.
And I think that's part of my job.
is not to be aware that anybody's watching.
When reading The Lost World, it's tempting to get visual images of how certain characters or plots will play out.
When you wrote the novel, did you have in mind people that you wanted to play, maybe in a movie, play the part?
I really didn't, although I see it in my mind when I write.
I've always seen it.
I mean, long before any of these things were made into movies, people said, these books read just like a movie.
Well, I don't know what... I see pictures and I just write them down.
That's what I've always done.
Have you written a script for the movie, or do you plan on writing scripts?
No, I won't be writing a script.
More than just a sci-fi thriller, Jurassic Park gave a warning to scientists that they should concentrate not only on
if they could do certain things, but also the implications, and it focused on chaos, and it was just, it had certain themes to it.
Were there any different themes in mind when writing?
Yeah.
I think my interest here is really in evolution, which is a much more difficult thing to talk about.
It's actually very easy to talk about,
technology.
Technology is fun.
It's the stuff.
It's all around us.
When you start talking about abstract ideas like evolution, and particularly if you start talking about chaotic ideas as they relate to evolution, then you're starting to work at a very detached level.
It's hard to fit it into a popular book.
What developments have you seen in your writing through the years?
Well, it certainly gets harder to do.
It takes longer.
I don't know how to answer that.
You know, I can tell you one thing, which is... Wow.
It's the sync pod from hell.
Yeah.
I try very hard not to think about things like that because well because the minute you say this is the way I am or these are the way the changes are going or this is what's happening then that becomes some clothing that you've put on and then it begins to I can't move because of the mics but it begins to tug you know or it begins to hold you in place and you begin to think
I shouldn't go into this area because I don't do that or I can't do that.
And I tried to not make those definitions and instead just to do whatever interests me.
When adapting for a movie script, it's almost inevitable that the book is going to get changed invariably.
How do you feel about the degree to which some of your novels have been changed for the motion picture screen?
Depends on the book, I think.
I feel different ways.
I've been quite happy with some of them, and I've been sick to my stomach with some of them.
Which ones?
Which ones didn't I like?
Which ones didn't I like either?
Well, I've actually liked most of them.
I was very pleased with Disclosure.
I was very pleased with Jurassic Park.
I was quite unhappy with Rising Sun.
I was quite unhappy with The Terminal Man.
Those are the two that I really...
Didn't lie.
How did you feel about Congo?
I haven't seen it.
Don't know what to say.
You said you liked the way that Jurassic Park was adapted.
Obviously, some of it had to be changed nonetheless.
Do you agree with the review of the movie that stated that Michael Crichton envisioned something else?
Crichton's cautionary tale has been transformed into a dance of threats, chills, and escapes?
No, I don't agree with that.
I think, you know, it's a movie.
And in a way, I think my interest is to try and address in some way issues, but still to have a sort of popular...
format that's fun to read.
Do you think the movie accomplished what the book set out to do?
Well, I think that I have certain limitations that aren't, say, the limitation of a book that Steve Gould is writing about evolution.
He can do certain things that I can't because of the structure of that.
I can do certain things that he can't.
I can say things that he wouldn't dare to say because I don't have to make all those academic qualifications.
I'm not a university.
And Stephen making the movie has other kinds of opportunities and limitations as well.
They're different forms.
And I accept that.
All right.
Well, The Lost World will soon be attracting national attention.
You've written many other notable novels.
You started way back in Harvard with The Case of Need.
Why was The Case of Need written under the name Jeffrey Hudson?
Because I didn't want anybody to know I was writing books.
You know...
A lot of your grade as a medical student is personal assessment.
And I was quite sure, I mean, I had to do this to pay my way, but I knew that if they found out that I was writing books that I would be in trouble because it just wasn't, you know, it didn't show proper spirit to be off writing books.
particularly a book like that that had many members of the Harvard Medical School faculty in it, thinly disguised.
And when it came out, we identified Jeffrey Hudson as a medical researcher living in London, which I thought was, you know, keep him far away so he can't be interviewed.
But the book came out and people were reading it and saying, boy, whoever wrote this knows a lot about that medical school.
And I would be right there.
Yeah, who could it be?
It was a real secret.
How did you find time to write?
Do it fast.
Yeah, I mean, it was really, for me it was wonderful training because...
Because it was sort of the reverse of every writer's thing.
I had to get something done very fast.
I would have a vacation, Christmas vacation two weeks, and then there's the January term bill.
So I would have to sit down, write a paperback thriller in two weeks, send it at the end of December to New York,
to Signet, which was my publisher, they would have to accept it and get the check back to me by January 20th, or I wasn't going to make the term bill.
So there was no fooling around.
It didn't matter if I was not in the mood.
I had to be in the mood, or I'd be out on the street.
And it didn't... It wasn't an issue about having it be...
creative or wonderful or anything like that.
It couldn't be too creative.
It had to really fit a pre-existing mold, because they had to accept it right away, and they had to pay me right away.
So I was really trying to imitate that sort of spy format, and it was wonderful.
It was great training.
I didn't want to be creative, and I didn't want to be known for it.
Your novel Congo, which you wrote 15 years ago, has recently been adapted to a motion picture, undoubtedly due to the success of other movies based on your books.
Do you think that due to this phenomenal success that other books such as Eaters of the Dead and The Case of Need will be made into movies?
The Case of Need was made.
1972 or something like that.
Blake Edwards directed it.
James Coburn and Jennifer O'Neill.
Called The Carrie Treatment.
So it won't be made.
Eatersly Dead might be made.
Might be.
But you didn't become a doctor.
You did have much educational experience.
Do your real-life medical experiences, like inside patients, contribute to ER class?
It certainly did originally.
Yeah.
You know, when ER began, in the early episodes, I had some complaints about the way some of the scenes were, and John Wells said to me, well, why don't you write?
You know, you write the scene.
And I said, no, no, no, I'm not going to write it.
I'll tell you what has to happen, but I'm not going to write it, because I really can't.
You know, that show is a full-time job.
So I'm excited to supervise it and to be involved with it and to make a contribution to it, but I can't.
1,500 pages of script a year.
A lot.
You wrote the script for ER 22 years ago, I believe.
20.
20 years ago, originally intended to be a movie.
Right.
What made you change your mind and decide that it would be better off as a TV show?
Well, you know, it had this long history.
It was actually going to be a film.
It was cast, and I was going to direct it, and then the studio got Cold Feet, and it was then followed by 20 years of Cold Feet.
And all that really happened was that Stephen got it, and it had sat with his company for about five years.
Nobody was really doing anything with it.
And the appeal to me of doing it for television was that we thought we could get the network to make it as is.
You know, and it wasn't going to... There was a lot of apprehension about it because it was so fast-paced and because it was about doctors and all the things that are now seen as virtues.
But all that really happened was that NBC decided to take a chance.
and make the script.
One of the things that people like about your novels is that they all seem very well researched, and you seem to become an expert on every single thing before you write the book about it.
If you were planning to, I mean, are you doing research like African-American now?
Mm-hmm.
What do you work with?
I can't really tell you, but...
Well, I'm reading John Stuart Mill, Raymond Chandler, and James M. King.
So if you can make an intersection out of that, you'll know where I'm going.
How did your research for Jurassic Park compare to the research you did for Rising Sun?
Rising Sun was a very... Jurassic Park is a construction, you know.
I mean, Jurassic Park is...
The goal in Jurassic Park is to persuade you that you should believe in dinosaurs for the time that you read the book, which to me was a very hard goal because we all know they're not there.
So on the one hand, it's fun to pretend, but on the other hand, there's a huge block.
I mean, it's much easier for me to write a story about a virus coming out of central Zaire.
Everyone's ready to believe that.
they're not ready to believe dinosaurs coming out of Central Zaire.
So that was the whole effort in that book, was to try and find information or uses of technology that could convince people, and also to structure a plot so that you would buy into it.
Rising Sun's a whole different matter, because Rising Sun was addressing a pre-existing and rather long-standing
academic and intellectual debate about posture toward Japan.
How did you go about doing your research for Rising Sun?
Well, there's two things.
There's a fair amount of conferences and meetings and things that you can go to.
A lot of them are arranged by the Japan societies and so on.
So I went to those.
And then there's a
a fairly well-defined body of literature with people lined up on both sides.
You just read that, and then you know the debate and the arguments on both sides.
In the article about you in Time magazine, it says that once you start to write a novel, you work seven days a week, nonstop, to write that novel.
Do you find yourself happiest while you're writing on it?
I don't think there's any question I'm happy as not.
I don't like to do it.
It's work.
The most difficult thing is it pulls you out of the world.
Lost World took a long time at one point.
I have a daughter who's six.
And I get kind of distracted, you know, when I'm working, and I sort of sit at the dinner table, but I don't really ever say anything, and I'm, you know, you ask me a question, and I don't answer for a long time.
My wife and my daughter were talking, and my daughter turned to me and started to ask me a question, and looked at me, and then just turned away, because she knew I wouldn't answer.
And then she looked back and she said, Dad, when are you going to be finished with that book?
And I went, I don't know.
In this issue of Time magazine, there's an article about you called How Good Is Your Science?
How good is your science and the novels you write?
I really liked that article.
It said it was quite good.
I appreciate that.
I'm very aware that I have to make compromises.
Particularly in discussions of evolution.
It's a very complicated area.
You know, and you can write a whole book on that, and I can't.
You know, I can do two paragraphs here or two pages there and hope to try and make enough.
I mean, my real goal is to stimulate people to go read something else.
Do you believe in a lost world like the one you wrote about?
Absolutely not.
How did you get your idea for Jurassic Park?
It came around, you know, it came, it has this long history.
Originally I did a
an original screenplay about a graduate student who made a pterodactyl by obtaining the DNA from a fossil.
And it was kind of a fantasy.
The kid makes this pterodactyl, the pterodactyl gets very big and eats things, and it was one of those stories.
And it didn't work.
It had a lot of logical problems and difficulties in it.
And
I didn't really believe the scientific underpinning.
So I put it aside.
It was one of those things.
I didn't know what to do with it.
And as the years went by, they began to get DNA out of fossils.
And then there was this other interest in extracting DNA from insects and amber.
And all these techniques were improving at a tremendously fast rate.
So that by the late 80s, it wasn't quite so fantastical.
And I began to take it seriously, that's all.
You mentioned that in letters to you from people, a lot of suggestions were given for how a sequel might happen to Jurassic Park.
To what degree did you use those for the actual idea of her?
Not at all.
No.
I don't know why.
The first thing that happens is that people either make sort of point suggestions, like,
here would be a good dinosaur.
And you say, well, what good is that to me?
You don't know why this young reader has thought this is a good dinosaur.
They just think this is a good dinosaur.
So that isn't very helpful.
And then the other thing is that most people made the assumption that, of course, you would go back to the island of Jurassic Park.
And my instinct, which is only, it's just an instinct, is you don't do that.
Don't go back to that same place.
So that 99% of all those ideas are useless because I'm not going to do that part.
But it's that interesting quality of being asked about something that you don't intend to do for years and years and years, and pretty soon you start to think about it.
It's funny.
Do you visit the sets of your movies?
Very rarely.
Try not to.
It's not... It's not my set.
You know, if I'm directing, then it's my set, and I want to know what the hell these other people are doing on it.
And there's another reason, which is that, you know, if I'm the author of the book or of the screenplay, then I become another authority.
And I think the director rightly wants to be the only authority.
So I make a social visit usually and then stay away.
The other reason is when I was directing, I used to ask people why would they come to the set?
Why would they see the dailies?
Because I don't usually look at dailies either.
Why do they do all that?
Because the real question you have about dailies is, will an outside person watching the dailies catch something that the actual production team that's making the movie didn't catch?
And something that has to be fixed now, can't be fixed later.
Can't go back.
And in my experience, that never happened.
I mean, I did have some terrible, terrible problems...
shooting movies, but no one caught it.
The studio didn't catch it, my people didn't catch it, but we were putting the picture together and the editor said to me, where's the shot of the guy coming through the door?
And I said, oh, we shot it in Boston.
He said, no, you didn't.
I said, well, you don't need it anyway because you can stand to the door and just have it on her face.
He said, no, she's not there yet.
You don't have her, it doesn't match.
And you start, oh, oh.
And, you know, so my experience is, why is the studio watching the dailies?
Because they're not catching these mistakes.
So I don't watch Barry Levinson's dailies or Steven Spielberg's dailies.
I'm not.
Why?
We have to have maybe one last question so we can get to the next program.
I think there's... Where did you live?
49 Barbary Way.
Where is that?
It's in... We're all dying to know.
Yeah.
Barbary Lane.
What is this road that goes out?
Roslyn Road.
Okay, and then is it the East Hill School?
The elementary school?
Okay, we go past the elementary school and turn left in that.
What's that in there?
And there's a road called Barbary Lane.
I was at 49.
Did you just get your half?
I was just there, yeah.
And the lady was very nice.
She took me through it.
Showed me my room, and it was great.
Okay, we want to thank you, because this was a great opportunity.
Yeah.
You guys should take pictures.
Is there anything else you want to talk about?
Let's forget this.
Did you get all that you need?
Yeah?
Probably.
Is there anything that...
The school looks very different than when you went here.
Did you notice that?
You know, what's different is that addition in the front.
Right.
Because there used to be that big hill going down.
But this back entrance here looks pretty much the same.
It's funny, you know.
I mean, wait until you get to be my age.
I mean, it's a... It's sort of everything's the same but different.
It's all kind of the same and all kind of not.
It's funny.
Did your parents move out of the community?
When did you come from Chicago?
When did I come here?
No, I was born there, but I didn't.
I came here in 48.
I was here from 48 to 60.
Have you seen any of the teachers that have come back today?
No, I haven't.
I know they're here, I know, yeah.
It's very exciting.
Huh?
You never see any of them?
Yeah, you know, I was thinking, what do you call, you know, because I used to be Mr. Brule, and then what do I do now?
I mean, I'm 50 and they're 75 or whatever it is.
Are we going to finally shift it?
I'm sure I'll call them Mr. Do you still play basketball?
No, no, I'm too old and creaky, no.
Can't do that.
So you wouldn't want to play the team that's waiting for you right now?
No.
No, I'll not.
Okay.
Why don't we get another camera crew?
Can I have a picture of one?
Of course, sure.
No, that's fine.
Did you call me your name again?
Yes.
It's not so much that you ask a great question, but you look so good.
Eric, look at Eric.
I'm very impressed with Eric.
He's very dressed today.
Thank you very much.
Is that all right?
Are they all clean up?
Kevin, K-E-Z-I-N.
Not a problem.
Just pull up in front.
Frank.
I'm going to end up saying exactly the same thing for all of you guys here, sir.
All right.
Is that with a C?
Yeah.
You look high.
There you go.
Scott.
I didn't even say it.
Oh, that's mine.
You don't need to.
It's automatic.
You press the button on the front and front of L-R.
Yeah.
Yeah, I wrote the same thing.
You know, when Steve Martin did a book called Cruel Shoes when he was making movies, and he gave a copy to everybody on the crew, and each one he said, to whoever it was, you're the best guy on the crew.
Okay.
It's spelled kind of funny.
Kevin McKay-V-A-N.
We have it set up around.
No.
Can you take a picture?
Do you take a picture?
Yes, I will.
She's had a good picture for the weekend.
Wait a minute.
One, two, three.
First button.
All right.
technology is not my thing.
I understand.
Do you think of that?
That's Scott.
This one?
Yes.
Two tears?
Yeah.
You know what we're throwing to that one?
You just took your fingers on the flash.
It's not going to come out after you don't mind.
Was it really?
Yeah.
This will come out.
That's not the one.
Could you redo the other one?
Yeah.
One more.
Where's the flash?
Oh, here.
Yeah.
Okay.
You have to hold it.
Hello.
Yeah, you guys did a great job.
Yeah, you know, you had all these, uh,
Working journalists like Nick here, who does a lot of writing, I think you guys, yeah.
We managed to find you copies of one of the papers you were on.
Is that right?
They spelled your name three different ways.
Yeah, sure.
We've gotten much better since about that.
Sure.
Yeah, since about that.
Wow, let's see.
I'm in the side of the line.
Hey, future's editor.
That's the promising future editor.
Future's editor?
That's what I am.
That's right.
Oh, you pulled out an old... Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Did she use your book?
Yeah.
No.
You haven't talked about it.
I was thrown off The Honest Society.
Why?
I won't.
You know that?
No, I didn't know that.
I use ghostwriting papers.
Like we didn't know that.
Jesse, you only find that out after the interview.
I'm a photography editor here.
Hey.
Oh, and this is the microphone.
See, that was my column.
The microphone.
Oh, well.
Yeah, see, it's definitely spelled.
You're right.
Well, you know, it's the old days.
This is real tight in those days.
Wow, that's great.
What's GLB?
I'm a fan, too.
It's the government.
The school government.
If you saw how this word would be today.
Yeah, you should see one of them.
One of what?
A blood.
It's impossible.
You're great.
I love you.